TINY-8262: Change default for strikethrough format to an `s` tag for html5 schema types (#7590)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- The `media` plugin no longer treats `iframe`, `video`, `audio` or `object` elements as "special" and will validate the contents against the schema #TINY-8382
- Renamed the `getShortEndedElements` Schema API to `getVoidElements` #TINY-8344
- Changed the default statusbar element path delimiter from `»` to `›` #TINY-8372

> - Changed the default tag for the strikethrough format to the `s` tag for html5 schema types #TINY-8262

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the default tag for the strikethrough format to the `s` tag when using a html 5 schema #TINY-8262
```

> - Changed the default tag for the strikethrough format to the `s` tag when using a html 5 schema #TINY-8262

Reviewer 2: It also converts `strike` to `s` elements should be in the changelog.

- [ ] Add details about auto converting strike to s when using a html5 schema.

Author: A changelog entry has been added for this
